At GIANT protecting the environment is important to us!!  Reusable Bags - All GIANT stores sell reusable bags for 99 cents and insulated bags for $1.99. When you shop with reusable bags you’re contributing to a greener earth. Did you know just one reusable bag can keep up to 375 plastic bags out of landfills over its lifetime?

Plastic Bag Recycling Program - The program accepts any #02 and #04 plastic shopping bags, as well as dry cleaning bags and news paper bags. The plastic bags that we take back from our customers, and all of our shrink wrap from stores, are sent to our plastics recycling company AERT (Advanced Environmental Recycling Technologies Inc.). The plastics are then used to manufacture composite decking (ChoiceDek at Lowe’s). We have collected millions of pounds of bags for recycling.

Green Products - We offer a variety of "green" household and cleaning products in our stores.

Our Climate Action Team develops inspiring solutions to help the environment. Here are some of them:

Energy Efficient Attributes - We were recognized for energy-efficient day lighting, T5 florescent lighting systems, automatic occupancy sensors, and refrigeration systems with high-efficiency fan motors.

Greenhouse Gas - Energy use in refrigeration and food storage is necessary to provide safe, fresh quality food, so we’ve been working to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in our stores, distribution centers and transport.

Energy Saving Innovations - Newer stores are designed with reflective roofs, which reduce heat absorption and use less air conditioning in the summer, and special dimming systems that dim lights based on the amount of daylight harvested.

Partners in Power - We partnered with energy solutions developer EnerNOC, Inc., to help reduce stress on the electric power grid during high peak demand to help reduce power consumption and prevent blackouts.

Eco-Friendly Driving - Our drivers, trained in methods that reduce fuel usage and CO2 output, have successfully increased fuel economy. We’re also working with the EPA and freight industry to improve energy efficiency and reduce greenhouse gases and air pollution through the EPA Smart Way Transport Partnership.

Piloting Change - In 2007, we were the only supermarket chain to be selected to participate in a pilot program for retailers integrating "green" technology into existing buildings by the U.S. Green Building Council, which develops and administers the nationally accepted LEED-EB standard for green buildings.

 