We will gladly accept both manufacturer and store coupons.
The customer must purchase the item to which the coupon applies.
The value of the coupon may not exceed the price of the item.
In order for a coupon to be doubled, the customer must use their GIANT Card.
Only one manufacturer coupon may be used on each individual item purchased.
To ensure product availability for all customers, we reserve the right to limit individual coupon quantities. Maximum number of manufacturer coupons allowed is 5 for each identical item.
Coupons must not be expired.
The physical coupon must be presented by the customer and retained by the cashier.
A store coupon and a manufacturer coupon may be redeemed on the same item. If the combined value for both coupons used exceeds the price of the item, the item is free.
Printed manufacturer coupons may be redeemed on damaged or discontinued merchandise that has been reduced. Digital coupons are excluded.
Unless a special store promotion is being run, we do not accept coupons for gift cards.
We do not accept altered, tampered, or Xerox copied coupons.
Store paper and digital coupons cannot be doubled or tripled.
By law we cannot accept manufacturers coupon for alcohol and cannot double coupons on lottery and tobacco.
Free item manufacturer coupons may be used in conjunction with store instant BOGO offers.
Two Like Manufacturer coupons may be used in conjunction with store instant BOGO offers.
The Double Coupon Policy only applies to manufacturer coupons.
Only one coupon for the same item will be doubled, all other will be redeemed at face value.
Double Coupon limits can vary. Contact your local store for details.
Digital coupon and mobile offers are accepted only through our loyalty program
Digital coupons cannot be combined with Manufacturer’s paper coupons on the purchase of the same item.
We do accept internet coupons, including those for a free item, with a maximum value of $5.00.
We do accept any competitor supermarket coupons in conjunction with our coupon policy.