Do I need a GIANT Card to use digital coupons?

Yes a GIANT Card is required to participate. If you do not have a card, you can apply easily in store at Customer Service or online. If you sign-up for a card in-store, please use it once to activate it in our system then after 24 hours, you can create an account and load coupons.

 

How do I create an online account?

Click the "Sign In" icon in the header and choose "Create Account" and complete the online form. On the mobile website, go to the site menu and choose “Create Account.” In the mobile app, go to “More” in the bottom navigation menu and choose “Create an Account.” You will need a GIANT Card number to get started. If you do not know your card number call 1-888-814-4268 Monday - Friday 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. ET or Saturday 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. ET and someone can assist you.

 

What do I do if I can’t log into my existing account or am having difficulty creating an on line account?

If you need technical assistance with your account, please contact Webcare at 1-888-814-4268  Monday - Friday 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. ET or Saturday 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. ET

 

How can I view the Digital Coupons that I have already loaded?

On the “offers” page, there will be a “view loaded coupons” icon next to the Digital Coupons heading. Click on that icon and you will be redirected to your loaded digital coupon page. On the mobile app, there will be a "loaded" check mark icon in the top right corner that will redirect you to your loaded digital coupon page.

 

Once I load a coupon, can I redeem it immediately?

Coupons are typically available within 10 minutes of loading them to your card. However, it could take longer.

 

Can I redeem a coupon multiple times?

No, each coupon may only be loaded and redeemed once. Even if a coupon is promoted in our circular, all digital coupons are a limit one.

 

Why do some coupons seem to “disappear” from the site?

Once you load the coupon and leave the page, you will no longer see that coupon available to load. To view your loaded coupons, please click the "view loaded coupons" icon that can be found on the "coupons" page next to the Digital Coupons heading. Coupons will also be removed if they have expired or have reached the maximum number of issuances allowed by the manufacturer.

 

Is there a limit to the number of digital coupons I can load to my card?

There is no limit to the number of coupons that can be loaded.

 

How do I know when the coupons expire?

The coupons expire at different times. The coupon expiration date is displayed on each coupon.

 

How do I load digital coupons to my GIANT Card?

 Choose “Coupons” under the main menu to browse and clip coupons. On the mobile website, look for the “Coupons” link in the site menu. On the mobile app, go to the “Savings” section in the bottom navigation menu to find "Coupons.” Once on the Coupons page, click “Clip Coupon” to load any eligible coupon to your GIANT Card.

 

Do digital coupons double?

No, digital coupons do not double.

 

Can I combine other coupons with my digital coupons?

Digital coupons cannot be combined with paper manufacturer coupons for the same item.

 

How will I know if my digital coupons were deducted from my purchase?

Digital coupons will be deducted only after the cashier presses the total key on the cash register. Digital coupon deductions will appear on the receipt immediately following the item and will say “personal disc”. Digital coupons that apply to the entire order will be listed at the end of the receipt.

 

What happens if the digital coupon discount does not come off my purchase?

We make every effort to ensure our digital coupons are easy to understand and use. While we do our best to prevent such errors, they may occur and we try to correct them as quickly as possible. Please visit the customer service desk for assistance. Or you can also contact our Customer Care Team at 1-888-814-4268 Monday - Friday 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. ET or Saturday 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. ET.and someone can assist you.

 

Can I still take advantage of these coupons if I don’t have a smart phone or a computer?

These coupons are only available electronically. Manufacturers continue to offer paper coupons through local newspapers.

 

How often are offers updated?

Most new digital coupons are added weekly. Visit our site before you shop to get the most up-to-date savings.

 

Can I redeem these offers if I shop online with GIANT Delivery or GIANT Pickup?

These coupons can be redeemed when shopping GIANT Delivery or GIANT Pickup.

 

We have more than one GIANT Card in my household, how will this work?

Any card linked in the same household will receive the coupon. If you have any questions, please contact Customer Care at 1-888-814-4268 Monday - Friday 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. ET or Saturday 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. ET 

 

For coupons that have a minimum purchase requirement, what purchases are excluded?

Any minimum purchase must be met after all coupon savings and promotional credits have posted to the transaction. Excluded purchases include, but are not limited to, alcohol, tobacco, fuel, prescriptions or co-payments, postage stamps, money orders, Western Union, lottery tickets, phone cards, gift cards, bottle deposits and sales tax. Other items may be excluded by state. Please see store for details.

 

Do I need to print digital coupons?

No. You must load your Digital Coupons onto your GIANT Card and they will be redeemed at checkout. Printing them is not necessary.

 

Can I remove digital coupons from my GIANT Card without spending them?

Once loaded, digital coupons cannot be manually removed from their card. They will be removed after they are redeemed or have expired.

   

What is required to load and redeem digital coupons?

Customers who choose to participate in the Digital Coupon program are required to have an online account with a valid, active GIANT Card Card.

   

What if I already have an on-line account?

If you already have an on-line account, navigate to “offers” under “savings & rewards” and start loading the digital coupons to your GIANT Card Card.

   

If I return an item for which I received a discount, can I reuse my discount the next time I shop?

Unfortunately once a Digital Coupon has been redeemed, it cannot be added back to their account to be used again.

 